# YoDa
Script working as API to "keepvid.com"
videos could directly be downloaded from websites supported by "keepvid.com" through any download manager which are having command line support for the downloads.


Steps:
  1. run setup_1.py
  2. copy `icon.ico`, `icon.png` and `ReadMe.txt` to `dist` folder
  3. configure inno script accordingly(`setup_new.iss`)
  4. compile `setup_new.iss`
  

YoDa command:

	syntax:
		[path] argument(s)(if any) [url] /n /f [name]
	
	where,
		[path] is [path] only, not actual path to the download manager
		argument(s), if any, should be proper
		[url] is [url] only, not actual url
	ex:
		[path] /d [url]
		for Internet Download Manager
	
	for more commands, Please visit your Download Manager Website and implement those using YoDa syntax
Adding a download manager:
	1. While adding a download manager, If there already exists a Download Manager with given name, It would first ask for another name or replace the current Download Manager. If you fill the same again, It would force overwrite the previous configuration.

# Windows Executable Setup

Download from: http://devzone.pe.hu/YoDa/
Also You can use the web version @ http://video.feedabyte.com and http://devzone.pe.hu/

Just Install and Enjoy ;)


NOTE
1.1
This Software uses Keepvid(keepvid.com) to fetch downloadable links. We currently support websites which are supported by Keepvid.

1.2
We do not claim for copyrights on the links generated by us.

1.3
We are not responsible for any pirated contents downloaded by this software.

1.4
We use hash of your pc id for keeping track of usage. No any other infromation is sent to our server.
  
